devices-scripts: add a README for diag script (#38)
foundriesio/lmp-tools: device-scripts/README.md

# Diagnostic Tool for a Device

This is a diagnostic tool that can be used to help diagnose problems

> with devices. It must be run as root because it needs to access 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with devices. It must be run as root because it needs to access
```

> network, and TLS keys and in general secure directories

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
network, and TLS keys and in general secure directories.
```

> ## How to Get It

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to Get It
```

Headers should be surrounded by blank lines

> The script is available in the lmp-tools repo and can be downloaded and setup like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script is available in the lmp-tools repo. To download and setup:
```

> ```
> wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/foundriesio/lmp-tools/master/device-scripts/diag.sh
> chmod 755 diag.sh
> sudo -s
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion

```
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/foundriesio/lmp-tools/master/device-scripts/diag.sh
chmod 755 diag.sh
sudo -s
```
````

Fenced code blocks should be surrounded by blank lines

> ## How To Run It

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How To Run It
```

> This can be placed in any location on a device, typicallly in either `root` or `fio`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script can be placed in any location on a device—typically in either `root/` or `fio/`.
```

> The best way to execute it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommended way to execute it is:
```

> ```
> # ./diag.sh | tee results.txt
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion

```
# ./diag.sh | tee results.txt
```

````

> ## Results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Results

```

> The results will have headers that start with 3 astierisks. The current version of the script

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The results will have headers that start with 3 asterisks. The current version of the script
```

> (currently version 1.0) has the following headings:

Reviewer 3: Do you mean the result file is giant, and I have to open it and search for "***" to see the next result?
I'm double-checking only because there is no description of the result itself, only how to get to the next test (headers), and I'm not sure if I understood it as intended

> (currently version 1.0) has the following headings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(1.0) has the following headings:
```
